Hello.
[music]
>> Rig
already using three words.
>> Doug, tell us what is going on.
>> What are you doing, Doug? What are we
doing? Explain in detail.
[music]
>> 100 total words.
Choose your words wisely, buddy.
>> Stop thanking us, Doug.
>> I didn't say thank you.
>> Hey, Doug. Say nothing if you love
kicking puppies and stealing candy from
babies.
Hey, Doug. Sincere question. What mic
are you using? I need one. And your
voice sounds pretty good. Oh, is this a
bad stream for you to answer?
Hide guy just came out as trans to my
family. Say trans rights or you hate us.
>> Do hand signs or text count?
[music] Wait, but how does chat actually
work? Does anyone know?
>> Guys, he's making gang signs. I'm
scared.
Is this 100 words total or 100 unique
words? One finger for former, two
fingers for latter.
Someone need confirm by confirm by need.
me buy.
>> Confirm buy.
>> That counts. New merch. Buy there.
[music] Next thing
[music]
need vote. Yes.
didn't.
>> Finally, some recognition [music]
from Doug. Just make us do all of the
talking because we're the main
character.
Yes. Let's go. Let's go.
>> Didn't say.
>> As a minority in your community, it
would be wonderful if you could give us
a word of support. Your silence has been
deafening and we're really hurting over
it.
>> Support.
Next task.
>> Hey Doug, [music] my dad just died of
cancer. He was a huge fan of your
content and I want to feature some words
of yours at his funeral service. Can you
just say some quick words out of respect
for this [music] great great man? He was
a heart surgeon. He saved lives.
If Paka is your boyfriend, say nothing.
If he isn't, say something.
>> Wow. Congrats, Doug.
>> Cute.
>> I knew it.
>> Hello,
>> Mom.
>> I love you.
>> Uhoh. Uhoh.
What's What's going down?
I love you, TOO.
>> THANK YOU, MOM. I LOVE YOU, TOO. BYE,
MOM. Thank you.
Yeah. [screaming]
Jesus, take the wheel.
>> Hey, what's up,
>> sister?
>> Uhoh.
>> I love you.
>> All right. I love you, too.
>> THANK YOU, JAY.
>> QUOTA EXCEEDED.
THE STREAM WILL END IN FIVE.
>> I didn't say that, dude.
>> I literally didn't say that. What?